# LFMTP'24

## About LFMTP
Logical frameworks and meta-languages form a common substrate for representing,
implementing and reasoning about a wide variety of deductive systems of
interest in logic and computer science. Their design, implementation and their
use in reasoning tasks, ranging from the correctness of software to the
properties of formal systems, have been the focus of considerable research over
the last two decades. This workshop will bring together designers, implementors
and practitioners to discuss various aspects impinging on the structure and
utility of logical frameworks, including the treatment of variable binding,
inductive and co-inductive reasoning techniques and the expressiveness and
lucidity of the reasoning process.

LFMTP 2024 will provide researchers a forum to present state-of-the-art
techniques and discuss progress in areas such as the following:

Encoding and reasoning about the meta-theory of programming languages, logical
systems and related formally specified systems. Theoretical and practical
issues concerning the treatment of variable binding, especially the
representation of, and reasoning about, datatypes defined from binding
signatures. Logical treatments of inductive and co-inductive definitions and
associated reasoning techniques, including inductive types of higher dimension
in homotopy type theory. Graphical languages for building proofs, applications
in geometry, equational reasoning and category theory. New theory
contributions: canonical and substructural frameworks, contextual frameworks,
proof-theoretic foundations supporting binders, functional programming over
logical frameworks, homotopy and cubical type theory. Applications of logical
frameworks: proof-carrying architectures, proof exchange and transformation,
program refactoring, etc. Techniques for programming with binders in functional
programming languages such as Haskell, OCaml or Agda, and logic programming
languages such as lambda Prolog or Alpha-Prolog. Venue The workshop will be
co-located with TBA. 

## Invited Speakers
TBA 

## Important Dates
TBA 

## Submission
TBA

## Program Committee
TBA 
